Several minor fixes (#1)
6102bitcoin/FAQ: wasabi.md

> ### What are the fees?

Reviewer: Xc7nBGaqf3SnZiDVSK7ebvZcyEyKzNcRug

Yes. 
In a round with a ~0.1 BTC minimum, you could mix ~ 0.3 BTC and get a ~ 0.1 BTC output & a ~ 0.2 BTC output.

> Similarly, with a 0.7 BTC input you would expect the following outputs: ~ 0.1, ~ 0.2, ~ 0.4 BTC. The value of equal outputs created is 0.1 BTC ^ 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, with a 0.7 BTC input you would expect the following outputs: ~ 0.1, ~ 0.2, ~ 0.4 BTC. The possible values of equal output that can be created are 0.1 x 2^n where is a positive integer (or zero).
```
